Replace deprecated `requests` with `node-fetch` (#191)
Airtable/airtable.js: README.md

    npm install airtable

> Airtable.js should work with Node 10 and above.

Author: Good call.

    npm install airtable

> Airtable.js is compatible work with Node 10 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airtable.js is compatible with Node 10 and above.
```

Then open http://localhost:8000/ in your browser.

> Airtable.js should work with browsers supported by Airtable App.

Author: Fixed as well.

Then open http://localhost:8000/ in your browser.

> Airtable.js is compatiable with browsers supported by Airtable App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airtable.js is compatible with browsers supported by the Airtable web app.
```
